imagine you're attacked by vicious monsters coming
from the sea how would you beat them and how would
you survive in this video we follow friend he's a
weather scientist traveling on an arctic mission
to get to a nordic island his predecessor has
mysteriously vanished and now it is for him
to continue the research looks like his boss
doesn't like him very much this story plays out
in 1914 so we do not have access to phones much
electricity and other sources of comfort this
journey requires us to use different tactics when
our character arrives it becomes clear that this
is a hostile environment not only is it cold windy
and harsh but it also seems like his predecessor
vanished in a rush the house is completely messed
up not only does it look uncomfortable and kind
of creepy but it's also protected by wooden
speares now that would freak me out why do we
need this protection on an uninhabited island
it doesn't look like there are any dangerous
animals here the only thing you may find are
fat seals which if we're honest are hardly a
threat furthermore the inside is completely
messed up why if there is nobody living here
and there aren't any large animals how is it
possible that this house looks like it was raided
if this was me i would seriously reconsider this
mission in the first half an hour on this island
i mean once our crew sails off we are completely
on our own we also hear that this island is far
off any commercial routes which means that once
they are gone there won't be any new ships passing
by meaning for 12 months that's the length of our
character's contract we are completely stuck here
the red flags are there but for now let's see
what we find on this island the captain always
treated me with the courtesy of an executioner
we find two important things the good thing
first they come by a freshwater fountain the bad
thing it seems to be owned by a guy named Gruner
at least that's what the carvings next to it say
when they arrive at the lighthouse it becomes
absolutely and 100% clear that there is something
very strange going on this lighthouse looks
like a fortress every opening is fitted with
piercing spears stopping anyone from entering
not just the fundament is secured like that
but every single window from bottom to top
that is red flag numero dos the man
they look for runs the lighthouse
pretty much the only other soul on this
island his name is Gruner there you go
not very inviting this Gruner but we can't blame
him okay he doesn't look like he's able to develop
social skills up here but anyway none of our
characters ask him about the insane amount
of protection on this lighthouse why not that's
literally the most important thing to ask plus it
is a very straightforward question but they don't
and the captain and his crew are about to leave
which is a problem because that means we need
to decide if we want to stay or leave you see
declining the offer to leave this island with them
is one thing but arrogantly denying the gun that
is being handed to you as a means to protect
yourself is foolish and stupid this was a bad
decision if this was me i would have not accepted
the gun i would have packed my bags and joined the
crew without hesitation or regrets no research
would convince me to stay up here for 12 months
living next by a hostile neighbor who designed
his home like a fortress to evade the dark forces
of the sea no chance when nighttime arrives
our character goes through the records of
his predecessor skimming through the pages he
arrives at a drawing of a human eating monster
coming from the sea by now leaving this island
is not an option anymore that is impossible
unless we can spot a ship off coast so coming
up with an emergency strategy is the way to go
how can i exit this house are there any good
hideouts in here maybe a double floor or something
similar just knowing about any of these things
would ease me up quite a bit but our character
doesn't bother nope he ignores all these very
strange facts and just goes about his day
bad things are about to come on the next day
he looks around his new home that's a good
thing nothing important happens though until he is
spying out his only neighbor with his binoculars
but he just spots the naked men and join
his freedom nothing special until he also
spots a weird creature behind him at second glance
though it's gone and he the rational man as he is
brushes it off as nothing important again alright
at this point things are getting really strange
if this guy knows something that you don't know
then you either confront him directly or at least
stay vigilant when the second night arrives
our character hears is a rumble on the outside
mind you this island is free of any living
beings if you heard such sounds late at
night in a place like this you better
brace yourself friend gets up to check
let's be honest here how creepy can a monster with
duck feet really be well i guess we will find out
stomping on it though wasn't the best idea i
reckon the grunting from the outside gets louder
if you want to survive this
night then you better hide
at this moment we have no idea what is actually
happening so hiding and staying low key
is the way to go friend turns around opens a trap
door and hides inside meanwhile the monsters have
entered the building he uses a rope to stop the
trapdoor from being able to open which is a very
smart move in all honesty this small hideout
here would become my best friend very quickly
but for some reason he decides to peek through a
small slit and we get the shock of our lifetime
in the next morning when he leaves his hideout
he finds his home messed up and pretty much in
the same state as it was when he first came now
we know why he does the obvious and walks over to
the only person that might know what is going on
but groener being the [ __ ] that he is declines
any sort of interaction that's a death sentence
if there are monster is looking out for us at
night then we must find out who they are and
what they want most importantly though we must
figure out their weakness this is survival and we
need a plan friend returns and prepares for the
upcoming night he cuts spares before he calls his
home with wooden boards and tries to shield off
any of the incoming monsters with a pretty
pathetic construction he also finds a rifle
at least if i were him i would take this rifle
and walk over to the lighthouse and make myself a
guest without discussion i would rather die by the
hand of a man than being teared apart by monsters
with duck feet however friend doesn't okay he
stays back in his hut and i find this a bad idea
if you decide to stay back putting on a better
boric collar then those few lousy and dry wooden
boards would have been better this wouldn't keep
a child out that is determined to enter my friend
the safest place though is arguably the secret
room underneath the trap door the question though
is can these monsters remember if yes then they
will know where you will hide there is no way
i would stay in here i would either find myself a
cave somewhere on the other side of the island or
seek review which inside the lighthouse no
matter what this old man thinks about it
one thing is clear though if we want to figure
out a solution we must survive this night first
friend braces himself waiting anxiously inside
this hut like me and cod zombie mode level 42
no speed cola and no juggernaut my friends okay
this situation is hardcore we got a rifle with
limited ammunition and that's pretty much it
during his preparations during daytime he also
poured fuel over dry wood around the house
just in case i mean fair enough but dude i
don't think this will end well is this enough
to survive this night well let's have a look
what a bad idea to stay in here not sure what he
thought about it but it sure as hell wasn't enough
facing dozens of them at once is impossible to
survive he is visibly struggling and is about
to give up but then he remembers his emergency
plan lights up a torch opens the door and throws
it at the circle of fuel the interesting thing is
the monsters run away proving that the fire is an
effective way to shield them off if we have
the resources to light up sustainable fires
every night we should be very secure that
is as long as the resources allow of course
friend takes a chance and runs out to
hide behind a rock it can get worse
uh i'm sorry the next day he returns but finds
everything burned to ash not just that but the
realization that he's strikes too how do you
survive these nights for 12 months straight
well you don't but if you do want to have a
chance teaming up with your angry neighbor
might be the only chance you have of course that
is until a boat passes by because there is no way
i would spend more time here than necessary also
always keep one bullet safe just in case you know
as he tries to confront gruner at the nearby
fountain something very unexpected happens
our neighbor seems to have a pet monster how
sweet i guess this is what pokemon was in 1914.
now her character almost shoots her down which
is understandable i mean imagine you are attacked
by a giant yellow rat trying to fry you with a
million volt lightnings you would shoot that thing
down too huh but Gruner interferes it looks like
he is emotionally attached and so our character
uses this opportunity and blackmails him into
giving him provisions and a sleeping place inside
the lighthouse thumbs up for that a short while
later they move what's left from our character's
cabin over to the lighthouse and there we find
out more of what's actually going on in short
there is no revelation Gruner tells us that they
are attacked every night and we need to stay alive
having the lighthouse available is strategically
a great thing by the way we also have a generous
amount of ammunition left and we do have the
light of the lighthouse however i would first
consider why they attack could it be that they
just want her back i mean she doesn't look like
a hostage but we can't deny the possibility this
Gruner doesn't appear to be a very legit guy
what do you think it is also important that they
only attack at night and they do not like fire
meaning there is a good chance that they don't
like heat if that's the case then all you need
is metal plates and fire to shield them off
successfully but for now let's begin the game
now basically it's shooting down as many monsters
as you possibly can until sunrise and then repeat
this every other night forever this kind of sucks
if you ask me and friend two has his issues with
that he's basically frozen in terror not knowing
what to do he stands around and looks stupefied
into the distance as if he had a math class at
8 am if you ask me i will do everything i can
every single day to get away from this island from
here on out even if it means drowning at sea what
would you do i'm very curious to hear your plan
it goes without saying that gruner isn't pleased
about friends reaction of last night we can't
blame him but what he pulls off is quite insane
the next night when they brace themselves again
gruner turns around leaves the balcony and shuts
our character out jesus but if only this is
necessary to remain safe inside then why bother
fighting why not pull that lever every night
and vibe inside to the menacing sound of flesh
eating duck feet monsters i don't know when dawn
breaks though when gruner opens the window again
he finds our character covered in blood but
still alive thanks for the ptsd you see the
lighthouse looks very secure i would establish a
more secure barrier covering the windows and doors
with the collected trash from alongside the shore
as long as we don't step outside we should be good
sort of like dr neville and i am legend another
thing to notice is that the lighthouse light
itself may attract these monsters it isn't
entirely clear in one scene before we have seen
the pet monster gazing savagely into the light
logically speaking if it's pitch dark and quiet
how would any of these monsters know that you are
there our characters though don't do any of that
nope what they do is they repeat the fighting
for many days to come with no end in sight what
is worse than being stuck on an island haunted by
nocturnal sea creatures well falling in love with
them of course jesus christ friend please this
is not necessary okay let's keep things simple
look i have no problems with interracial
relationships but this is a little strange okay
but i guess that's what solitude does to you maybe
something good will come of it i guess we will see
at home gruner and our characters start to deepen
their relationship as well they play chess that's
what i mean and their pet mob is being a pet mob
suddenly gruner jumps up grabs his gun and shoots
down one of the monsters almost entering the
lighthouse they have forgotten to prepare for this
night they struggle through the attack there are
just too many of the monsters having to fight with
fists and kicks to avoid death Gruner eventually
is harmed when climbing off the ladder at the
same time the light goes out as well perfect
timing causing both of them to be stuck up there
well gruner starts to sing and for some reason
that i have not yet figured out and probably
never will a minute later the sun rises and so
we conclude that Gruner is either a magician or
a funny dude in any way they survive the night and
for the next few days the monsters do not attack
implying that it is not the light nor the pet that
attracts them during those days friend continues
searching the island through her by the way
that he from now on calls Aneris he finds a
boat thrilled about it he goes back to tell gruner
about it who replies that he knew about it and
that it belonged to Portuguese dynamite smugglers
that suffered a shipwreck being the quick-witted
guided friend is he concludes that if they can
recover the dynamite from the bottom of the sea
they might be able to exterminate these monsters
with just one blow Gruner first declines but
eventually changes his mind secretly hoping that
friend dies so that he gets back his solitude
and his island never trust a dodgy old man owning
a pet monster unless it is professor oak of course
with their vintage dive set they leave and hope
to recover the dynamite as friend arrives at
the bottom of the sea looking like big daddy
himself he looks out for the dynamite caskets
he eventually finds them hooks them up pulls
the rope and Gruner recovers them at sea level
at the same time though friend is
surprised by aquatic monster kids
having a blast around him he loses balance and
falls not a situation you want to be stuck in
for sure this is terrifying however having seen
these kids playing just like human kids strucks
him being the soft and kind-hearted guy that
he is he ponders about the war between them
what is the reason for this pointless bloodshed
now these are very noble thoughts and i thought
we might get a plot twist here but the
thrill of dynamite seems to be too strong
they continue by laying out the bombs though and
planned the detonation ahead the only problem
no monsters have attacked for over three
weeks which suggests that these monsters
do have a great sense of humor i like that
as the days pass gruner loses patience he
convinces his friend to lure them out for that our
character has to position himself at the main door
while Gruner is at the top waiting to
activate the wire but no monsters attack
now perplexed by this Gruner forces Aneris to sing
as she starts we understand that she wasn't gazing
savagely at the light before but just howling
with her peers now our main character though
doesn't like this at all for him treating this
being with that level of disgrace is shameful
he is visibly against it but what in god's name
can you do about it this is survival if you don't
want to be teared apart like your predecessors
then you need to do what you need to do there
is no place for compassion in here at least not at
this moment now as friend loses focus for a second
a monster appears and jumps him this is the first
time we can see one up front apart from Aneris
now they're physically much stronger and
faster than humans just with a great deal
of luck he is able to survive and escape now
the situation grows hectic by now hundreds
of these creatures are storming the lighthouse
when gruner activates the bomb it malfunctions
of course it does however friend comes for rescue
and reconnects the wires and then it's showtime
their plan was a success they almost killed
themselves though but let's ignore that
in daylight the battlefield looks even more
horrifying hundreds of dead creatures plaster the
ground some of them still alive now friend almost
can't take it much other than gruner who almost
joyfully walks around and frees them from their
suffering the following night the great wailing
atones from the sea the creatures mourn for their
loss and friend knows that what happened was a
tragedy Aneris disappeared as well apparently
Gruner found her as a baby years ago trapped in
a fishing net he freed her but believed that she
now owed him her life which obviously is complete
nonsense it becomes clear that the real monster
here is him on the next day feeling exhausted sad
and horrible about the event of last night friend
decides to create an offering on the beach it's a
sign of peace and truth i think at this point even
if a boat passes could you go back to normalty
just like that the next day the creatures
come to accept the peace but uh doesn't happen
i see you king of ___ Gruner jumps in between
and threatens to continue the murders he screams
at Aneris who has now joined us well that no
one is allowed to leave him showing that most
likely it was him who was the problem all along
who knew now gruner returns home and just as we
believe things may turn out well he shoots
down the child from afar causing the truce
and peace to be completely shattered all this for
nothing every struggle and every death pointless
yet bound to cycle forward our character rushes
back home and confronts gruner about his actions
a fight breaks out and we get one last big
revelation friend reveals that gruner was
the weather scientist that was believed to be
dead and that he was bound to replace being
reminded of that truth gruner understands
his misery turns around steps outside the
lighthouse and is being teared apart by the
monsters and as of that moment friend himself
is taking his place and continues to struggle on
this island without sharing anything with anyone
damn what a strange but kind of beautiful
movie there were multiple ways to survive
this but in the end only peace could
have truly led to a lasting change
how would have you survived these encounters are
you more the Friend type of person or more the
Gruner sort of person let me know and as always
binge another one thanks for watching peace